[IMP] Subscription: Add Important block regarding On Delivery invoicing (#14852)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/subscriptions.rst

- :guilabel:`Sales Price`: enter the recurring cost of the subscription that the customer will pay
  per recurrence period.

.. important::
   When creating a subscription for a physical good, selecting the "Delivered quantities"
   :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` will lead to errors when invoicing a subscription order. Physical

>    products must use the "Ordered quantities" :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When creating a subscription for a physical good, the invoicing policy matters.
   Choosing "Delivered quantities" throws an error. Physical products must use the "Ordered quantities" 
```

guilabels
